so you're on a desert island and you're
starving
you find a bush filled with berries you
eat a few
but start to feel sick a local hey
i thought this was uninhabited they tell
you that eating watermelons and grapes
will get rid of the poison
but apples and carrots will make things
worse in front of you
there are tomatoes cabbages oranges
which one do you eat
[Music]
tomatoes like watermelons and grapes
they also grow on vines unlike the rest
[Music]
you're lost in the desert with just one
bottle of water
but you don't know where the nearest
water source is what do you do
cover yourself with your backpack to
avoid sweating walk as quickly as you
can to find water
find shade and rest
the best option is the last one when it
gets dark
you can walk further and find help
while sightseeing in a town a volcano
erupts nearby
there's no lava coming out just thick
black smoke
you see three potential routes to safety
which one do you take
a tall lighthouse is a few feet away a
basement
a car in front of you
[Music]
go to the basement and close the door
behind you lava smoke travels fast
and it can reach the tallest point of
the lighthouse
[Music]
it's 3 pm and while walking in the
middle of a desert
you come across a tall tower with a
crazy scientist living there
he tells you that if you want to make it
out alive you must calculate the height
of his tower
what do you use fallen tree branches
your shadow your watch
[Music]
your shadow since you know how tall you
are you can calculate how many times
your shadow fits into the tower shadow
you're at a water park and you've been
taken captive by a super villain
he takes you to the highest point of the
park and shows you
three slides an orange one a green one
and a yellow one one leads to a pool
filled with acid
one to a tropical paradise and the other
to a volcano filled with lava
the super villain tells you in a
parallel world
the purple slide leads to freedom which
one do you choose
[Music]
the yellow slide yellow is the opposite
of purple
you're on a trip into the wild a huge
angry elephant has spotted you
and it's running towards you what do you
do
run down a steep slope leading to a
river climb up a tall tree right next to
you
run straight towards some other animals
hoping it'll lose sight of you
[Music]
run down the steep slope elephants avoid
areas with high elevation to stop
themselves being injured
during a camping trip you realize you
have no water
but you're very thirsty there are three
ways to get water
which one is the least dangerous harvest
some from a cactus
drink the water from a stagnant lake
take some water from a flowing river
cactus water isn't the safest and a
stagnant lake is filled with bacteria
and parasites
the least dangerous option is the
flowing river
you've been stuck in the wild for days
and you have no idea which way leads to
civilization
which side do you follow a plane passing
overhead
a flowing river a group of animals
[Music]
your best bet is the river since the
beginning of time
people have built villages along
riverbanks
a mysterious biologist invites you to
his home for dinner
he takes you down to the basement and
puts three plates of weird items on the
table
one has wild white mushrooms with white
gills
the second is filled with castor beans
the third has some fish brains
which one is safe to eat
the plate of fish brains is the only
dish that isn't poisonous
but the dinner isn't over yet
[Music]
you're taken into a room with three
large tanks filled with salt water
you must stay in one of them for five
minutes the biologist
promises to set you free if you make it
out alive
the first contains six great white
sharks the second has
70 piranhas the last one is filled with
dangerous
boxed jellyfish which could you survive
in
[Music]
in the second tank piranhas are fresh
water fish
they can't survive in salt water
you're leading an expedition to the
north pole as you're sailing there
a huge chunk of ice falls into the water
causing a large wave to come your way
what do you tell your crew to do stop
the ship and stay until the wave passes
start moving in the opposite direction
keep going and lean
into the wave as it hits
leaning into the wave is the only way to
get some balance
anything else will cause your ship to
capsize
you're stuck in a room that's slowly
filling up with water
help is six minutes away the water will
reach the ceiling in just
two minutes but on the floor there's a
tree branch
a straw a bucket which one will buy you
some time
[Music]
the bucket flip it over your head
and it'll create an air bubble that will
allow you to breathe for a while
while out camping you come across an
angry brown bear that's coming closer
and closer to you
what should you do start running as fast
as you can
fall to the ground and pretend you're
unconscious stay still
and don't move
[Music]
fall to the ground that way the bear
won't see you as a threat
[Music]
oliver is trapped in the freezing north
david
is lost in the desert without any
clothes who will collapse first
[Music]
david the cold weather makes oliver
shiver
his muscles tighten and loosen very fast
to keep him warm
but david quickly becomes dehydrated in
the sun
while walking through a dense jungle you
get bitten on the leg by a venomous
snake
how can you survive by drawing the venom
out with your mouth
washing the wound with water and a cloth
by tying your leg with a piece of your
shirt
tying your leg will prevent the venom
from reaching the rest of your body
as you're driving down the road you come
across a fallen tree blocking your way
you get out of the car and try to move
it but then you see a huge tornado
coming towards you
boy it's not your day how will you
survive
get back in your car and drive fast in
the opposite direction
climb up the sturdiest tree find a ditch
on the ground and stay there until the
tornado passes
[Music]
the last one if the tornado passes over
you
it won't sweep you up you walk into a
room
and right when you close the door it
catches fire
there's no way out but firefighters are
on their way
how will you buy yourself some time
until help arrives
by lying flat on the floor by climbing
onto a chair to avoid the flames
by standing in the corner of the room
it's the first option smoke travels
upwards toward the ceiling
so lying flat on the floor will help you
to breathe
you're trapped in a maze inside an
abandoned castle
you can pick only one door to stay alive
the first one leads to a room filled
with sharp blades and knives
the second has dozens of venomous snakes
and spiders
behind the third door there's an
electrified moat
which one do you pick
[Music]
the last door since this is an abandoned
castle
you can flip the light switch to check
if it has electricity
and then go through there a creepy
professor has taken you to a secret
island
he wants to see how smart you are he
presents you with
guess what three doors but only one is
safe
the first one leads to five of the most
dangerous people on earth
the second leads to a room with a
powerful laser and mirrors on the wall
the third leads to a lab filled with
radioactive waste
which is the least dangerous option
[Music]
the first door it'll be easier to
deceive the people there
into letting you walk free you're lost
in an ancient
cave system and you come across three
tunnels you must swim through them to
the exit
the first is filled with lava the second
has stagnant water containing bacteria
and parasites
the third contains corn starch mixed
with water
which one is the least dangerous to go
[Music]
through
stagnant water is your best option lava
will burn you
and cornstarch water will swallow you in
just a few minutes
good luck